Fixed statement typo at the end of the readme.md file (#6)
SomtochiAma/buycoins-graphql-sdk: README.md

### Contributing.

> Your pull request are definitely welcome :heart:! We're always looking forward to add more test and acheive feature parity with the Buycoins API. Take a look at [Contributing.md](Contributing.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your pull requests are definitely welcome :heart:! We're always looking forward to adding more tests and achieving feature parity with the Buycoins API. Take a look at [Contributing.md](Contributing.md)
```

Author: Thank you for replying @SomtochiAma i will do exactly that. Thank you so much.
